Remove now useless proxy install part in setup page (#2940)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/proxy-container-setup.adoc

> Both [literal]``spacecmd``command  and web UI ways generate configuration archive. This archive needs to be made available on container host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both [command]``spacecmd`` command  and {webui} ways generate a configuration archive.
This archive needs to be made available on container host.
```

Transfer this generated archive to the container host.

> Follow the installation instructions to use the archive to get the proxy containers: xref:reference:proxy-container-installation.adoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installation instructions to use the archive to get the proxy containers, see xref:reference:proxy-container-installation.adoc[].
```
